This was a project that I originally created for my father who is a landscaper. What it does, is it takes the template that he uses for each of his clients, and then created simple software that helps save him time. This software allows him to skip repetitive tasks, like typing in the same job description multiple times per quote, typing in the cost of the job, and saving/printing the files. It also is a more organized system, and overall easier to use. Another problem he was having was inputting the dates. There was a specific Excel format that he wanted to use, however typing it in was tedious for him, so as you can see in the video attached, I created it so that he could choose what row he wanted to add the date to, and then there is a mini calender on the bottom to show the dates. Upon clicking a date in that calender, it will set that row at that position to the expected value. All this information then gets inputted into his excel file which he can always access upon clicking save. There is also a button called "Change 4 weeks" which is for when he wants to maintain the same 4 jobs but shift the date 4 weeks in advance. This is because he has set clients that he does every week and it increments every month, allowing him to save lots of time. Then there is the printing function, this open and prints the excel file for him, much faster than manually doing it. Lastly, there is functionality for adding clients, this allows him to input multiple jobs and prices for the client, and an address for where the client lives. This all gets saved in a json file for later use. 

